

## Tags
#algebra #representation #notes 

---

## References:
[https://people.brandeis.edu/\~igusa/Math101bS07/Math101b\_notesD1a.pdf](https://people.brandeis.edu/~igusa/Math101bS07/Math101b_notesD1a.pdf)

---
## Other related notes:


---
## Def :: Group algebra
Given a field $k$ and a group $G$, the set of all finite $k-$linear combinations of elements of $G$: $\sum\limits a_{\sigma}\sigma$ where $a_{\sigma}\in k, \sigma\in G$ and $a_{\sigma}$ almost all zero. <font color="#953734">(we need this to keep the series convergent)</font>

$k[G]$ vector space with $G$ as a basis:
### ex :: $\mathbb{R}[\mathbb{Z}/3]$

In which $\mathbb{Z}/3$ is generated by $<1,\sigma,\sigma^{2}>$ as a group, then $<1,\sigma,\sigma^{2}>$ is the basis for the group algebra $\mathbb{R}[\mathbb{Z}/3]$. The elements in the group algebra are of form: 
$$x+y\sigma+z\sigma^{2}$$

### Thm :: $k[G]$ is an [[algebra]].

This theorem gives us the reason that why we care about group algebra:
### Thm :: There is a one-to-one correspondence between [[The Representation of Group]] $G$ and the group algebra $k[G]$.
1. Any [[The Representation of Group|group representation]]  $(V,\rho)$ of group $G$ extends uniquely to a ring homeomorphism $\bar{\rho}：k[G]\rightarrow \text{End}_{k}(V)$ 
2. Any $k[G]$-module $M$，the restriction of the action $k[G]$ is the group representation $\rho: G\rightarrow \text{Aut}_{k}(M)$;
3. These two are inverse to each other.

As long as there is this nice correspondence between group algebra and its representation, but these two concepts are still different.

The correspondence is known as the group algebra representation or the group algebra isomorphism. Let's break down this correspondence:

One-to-One Correspondence: The one-to-one correspondence between group algebra and group representation stems from the concept of the regular representation. For a given group $G$, the regular representation is defined as the representation $(k[G], \rho_{\text{reg}})$, where $\rho_{\text{reg}}$ maps each group element $g \in G$ to the left multiplication operator on $k[G]$. 

The key point is that any group representation $(V, \rho)$ can be realized as a [[module]] or vector space over the group algebra $k[G]$ through a process called the module or vector space induction. This process allows us to construct a module or vector space $V$ over $k[G]$ and a group homomorphism $\tau : G \to \text{Aut}(V)$, where $\text{Aut}(V)$ is the group of module or vector space automorphisms of $V$. This induced module or vector space provides an isomorphism between the group algebra $k[G]$ and the group representation $(V, \rho)$.

It can be written explicitly as same as the philosophy of [[module#^bfb7ec| module to the ring homeomorphism]]:
Taking a $k[G]$-module $M$, for its center containing $k$, we have $k$-invariant property. So there is the homeomorphism:
$$
\rho:k[G]\rightarrow \text{End}_{k}(M),
$$
which can be restricted to the group representation:
$$
\rho|_{G}:G\rightarrow \text{Aut}_{k}(M).
$$
For more general ring structure information, see [[ring#^ed9bd9|here]], [[group#^1e7fcb|while keeping in mind that the $\text{Aut}_{k}(M)$ is the group of units of $\text{End}_{k}(M)$]].
For those two concepts, there are still some conceptual differences between them: The module might not be faithful even if the group representation is faithful.
### ex :: not faithful module while faithful representation

* The representation $(\mathbb{R}^{2},\rho)$
	$\rho:\mathbb{Z}/3\rightarrow\text{GL}_{2}(\mathbb{R})$ maps the $<1,\sigma,\sigma^{2}>$ to rotation by $\frac{2\pi}{3}$:
	$$
	\rho(\sigma)=\begin{pmatrix} -\frac{1}{2} & -\frac{\sqrt{3}}{2} \\ \frac{\sqrt{3}}{2} & \frac{1}{2} \end{pmatrix}
$$
	obviously it's injective but definitely not surjective. 
* The $\mathbb{R}[\mathbb{Z}/3]$-module $M$ is not faithful.
	we have the action $\lambda_{r}$ of $\mathbb{R}[\mathbb{Z}/3]$ on $M$: $\forall x,y,z\in \mathbb{R}$,
	$$
	\lambda_{r}(x+y\sigma+z\sigma^{2})=(x+y\sigma+z\sigma^{2})\cdot m
$$
	taking this as an extension of a representation $\rho$, $\bar{\rho}:\mathbb{R}[\mathbb{Z}/3]\rightarrow\text{Mat}_{2}(\mathbb{R})$ can be formed by the action.