...... How real is a 100 percent real fully immersive game?"

  

Earth, a university computer room.

  

Looking at the group chat message, the first image that came to Wei's mind wasn't the game, but the white thighs or boobs.

  

To put it in finer details, it was his Maiden Scroll 5, which had played 200+ mods, and 100+ hand pinched wives that had come to life from the archives.

  

Can't go into any more detail or this becomes R18+.

  

His nickname in the group is Girls public enemy ten times in one night, and since it's so long and unseemly, the group veterans call him Night Ten for short.

  

"It's literally true."

  

"Sight, hearing, smell, touch, taste ...... all the same as the real world, the flow of time in the game world and the real world is 1:1, the time difference is about 12 hours, and because of the technical principle of interference in the dream world, so the game is equivalent to sleep. "

  

The dude who knocked out these two lines is nicknamed "Light".

  

This serious one-word nickname seems out of place with the group name "Cow and Horse Club" as a sad joke of how pathetic work or study life can be, so the idiots groupmates in the group will occasionally call this dude "Ultraman", "Gaia So the group of sand sculpture groupmates will occasionally call this dude "Ultraman", "Gaia", or even Kai or bull.

  

Eight-degree Gale (Administrator): "Is this some kind of fantasy system setting? (laughs)"

  

Coming of Age (Administrator): "And it sounds a bit old, it feels like an early netbook setting for a virtual reality game."

  

White Pony (Group Leader): "Haha, you mean head-mounted virtual helmets? I kinda liked reading about it when I was in school."

  

Girls' public enemy ten times in one night (administrator): "Reasoning this kind of setting would be unreasonable, right, the operator is not trying to make money, just to let the players have fun? If it is 100% real, how to reflect the honor of the money players? Everyone is whoring for nothing!"

  

Wei doesn't read these novels, but he feels that he has received nine years of compulsory education, and is different from others, and should pursue reasonableness more than pleasure.

  

That's why he loves reading metaphysics and spiritualism more.

  

Coming of Age: "Broooooo, you're too serious, if you really talk about reasonableness, compared to letting the fictional operators in the novel make money, letting the readers outside the novel have a good time is the real reasonableness, isn't it?"

  

Eight degree Gale: "Banning condoms."

  

The topic quickly went off on a tangent.

  

Although the Cow Horse Club was a gaming group, it was rare to discuss games in a serious manner like today.

  

Especially a "game" that didn't exist and was completely imagined.

  

However, even though the topic had already gone far away, the initiator of this topic - that is, that dude called "Light" - still stubbornly pulled the topic back.

  

Light: "I mean if."

  

Light: "If there really is such a game, would you guys be willing to play it?"

  

Looking at the group chat, Wei smiled and shook his head.

  

Does this even need to be asked?

  

Girls' public enemy ten times in one night: "Of course! Why not? A 100% real game, why not try it, you know. （You know with a smirking emoji)"

  

Eighth-degree gale: "+1, but about what you said about the setting, I still have a little doubt, if in the game time is equal to sleep time ...... this kind of technology applied to the work is not more reasonable?"

  

White Pony: "Crap, are you the devil???"

  

Here Comes the Day: "I'd better sleep honestly then. (bitter laugh)"

  

Quit Smoking: "You guys are not sleeping at night, dreaming in the group."

  

"Laughing my ass off."

  

There were more and more people bubbling in the group.

  

There were also some people who didn't send messages but were peering at the screen with interest.

  

In a game group of two hundred people, there were usually about ten to twenty active group members, and occasionally two new faces would appear, "He knows you, but you don't know him", and when asked, they realized that they had been peeping at the screen for more than two years.

  

The dude called Light ignored them and continued to immerse himself in his own world.

  

"As a matter of fact, this company I recently joined is developing a fully immersive virtual reality online game."

  

The lively group chat was briefly quiet for a moment.

  

But soon, as if by appointment, a series of messages popped up.

  

"Crap?"

  

"Really?!"

  

"Hollyshit ah brother! I almost believed it. (Funny)"

  

Wei felt that this guy's drama was too much.

  

A fully immersive virtual reality online game?

  

100% real?

  

Bullshit.

  

Like Bro Gale said, if this thing really existed, would it be used as a game?

  

Of course, he didn't really agree with using it directly in the office field. In his imagination, there really is this kind of awesome technology, it must be used in the military field first.

  

How awesome to use it to train in military for special forces!

  

The man called "Light" didn't say anything else, but just threw over a URL.

  

Wei casually clicked on it and realized that it was actually a game.

  

The official website's page is not very well done, it looks like it can't even afford to hire an artisan to build the interface, and there is no content on the empty page, only three lines of bare words.

  

[100 percent real virtual reality game - "Waste Land OL"]

  

[Current Reservation Number: 0]

  

Reservation: yes/no

  

Wei smiled.

  

Good guy, after half a day of padding, I dare say it's an advertisement.

  

I don't know if it's spinach or net blocking.

  

But this reservation number is real enough, did not fictionalize an eight-digit number of people online, and then write even Taylor Swift is playing.

  

"Get, master would like to see what kind of cow-horse-mate you are."

  

Holding the mouse clicked YES.

  

However, to his surprise, the expected registration page didn't pop up, except for the number of reservations changing from 0 to 1.

  

"This damn game doesn't even require an account to register???"

  

This confusing result made Wei even more doubtful, and he couldn't decide for a moment whether this thing was considered an advertisement or not.

  

Could it be trojan virus?

  

It's unlikely.

  

What era is this, antivirus software is almost out of history. There is still that kind of virus that can be infected by clicking YES, NO on the website?

  

Not to mention in the school's computer room.

  

Even with his own computer, he is not afraid of this thing.

  

......

  

[Reservation Number: 11]

  

Wasteland, 404 shelter residents hall.

  

Looking at the numbers in the background of the webpage in the computer screen, Photon, who was sitting in the narrow room, sighed in relief and loosened his tight grip on the mouse.

  

"Is this enough?"

  

What answered him were two lines of text that floated in front of his eyes.

  

[Mission completed.]

  

[Reward: a set of Carbon Nano Bulletproof Vests, +5 Reward Points].

  

The wall on one side of the room vibrated vaguely, and as the curved alloy door panel opened, a black undershirt lay on the platform behind the door.

  

The conveyor belt sent the undershirt out.

  

The alloy door re-closed and the room returned to calm.

  

Photon immediately got up from the computer and walked up to pick up the undershirt.

  

It was lightweight, with a texture like an ice silk pajama top, delicate and soft to the touch, it was hard to imagine that this thing could withstand bullets.

  

[Name: Carbon Nano Bulletproof Vest

  

Description: Absorbs the kinetic energy of bullets, disperses the impact within the durability range, and resists a certain degree of piercing and cutting damage.

  

Endurance: 100%]

  

The rewards obtained from the Shelter System would be registered in the item bar, accompanied by a product description and instructions for use.

  

Photon immediately took off his top and put it on snugly.

  

It was a bit chilly at first, but he soon adapted to it.

  

At this time, the cylindrical metal object resting in the corner of the room emitted an electronic tone with no emtion.

  

"Congratulations, master, it appears you have completed your first mission."

  

"Can you stop talking in the cold tone?"

  

"Yes master."

  

The robot that looked like a waste paper basket was named Seven.

  

As the assistant to the administrator of Shelter 404, technically it didn't have such a thing as a name, only a number of 777.

  

But Photon was too troublesome and gave it a name.

  

As for who Photon was, and why he was in this shelter 404, it had to start from a dark and windy night ......